---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grid_fqdn_proxy Resource - terraform-provider-grid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for deploying a gateway with a fully qualified domain name.
  A user should have some fully qualified domain name (fqdn) (e.g. example.com), pointing to the specified node working as a gateway, then connect this gateway to whichever backend services they desire, making these backend services accessible through the computed fqdn.
---

# grid_fqdn_proxy (Resource)

Resource for deploying a gateway with a fully qualified domain name.
A user should have some fully qualified domain name (fqdn) (e.g. example.com), pointing to the specified node working as a gateway, then connect this gateway to whichever backend services they desire, making these backend services accessible through the computed fqdn.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `backends` (List of String) The backends of the gateway proxy. must be in the format ip:port if tls_passthrough is set, otherwise the format should be http://ip[:port]
- `fqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the deployed workload.
- `node` (Number) The gateway's node id.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the gateway fqdn workload.
- `name` (String) Gateway workload name.  This has to be unique within the deployment. Must contain only alphanumeric and underscore characters.
- `network` (String) Network name to join, if backend IP is private.
- `solution_type` (String) Solution type for created contract to be consistent across threefold tooling.
- `tls_passthrough` (Boolean) TLS passthrough controls the TLS termination, if false, the gateway will terminate the TLS, if True, it will only be terminated by the backend service.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `node_deployment_id` (Map of Number) Mapping from each node to its deployment id.
