---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grid_name_proxy Resource - terraform-provider-grid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for deploying a gateway name workload. A user should specify some unique name, for example hamada, and a node working as a gateway that has the domain gent01.dev.grid.tf, and the grid generates a fully qualified domain name (fqdn) hamada.getn01.dev.grid.tf. Then, the user could connect this gateway workload to whichever backend services the user desires, making these backend services accessible through the computed fqdn.
---

# grid_name_proxy (Resource)

Resource for deploying a gateway name workload. A user should specify some unique name, for example hamada, and a node working as a gateway that has the domain gent01.dev.grid.tf, and the grid generates a fully qualified domain name (fqdn) `hamada.getn01.dev.grid.tf`. Then, the user could connect this gateway workload to whichever backend services the user desires, making these backend services accessible through the computed fqdn.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `backends` (List of String) The backends of the gateway proxy. must be in the format ip:port if tls_passthrough is set, otherwise the format should be http://ip[:port]
- `name` (String) Domain prefix. The fqdn will be <name>.<gateway-domain>.  This has to be unique within the deployment. Must contain only alphanumeric and underscore characters.
- `node` (Number) The gateway's node id.

### Optional

- `description` (String)
- `network` (String) Network name to join, if backend IP is private.
- `solution_type` (String) Solution type for created contract to be consistent across threefold tooling.
- `tls_passthrough` (Boolean) TLS passthrough controls the TLS termination, if false, the gateway will terminate the TLS, if True, it will only be terminated by the backend service.

### Read-Only

- `fqdn` (String) The computed fully quallified domain name of the deployed workload.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name_contract_id` (Number) The id of the created name contract.
- `node_deployment_id` (Map of Number) Mapping from each node to its deployment id.
