---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grid_network Resource - terraform-provider-grid"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to deploy a network on the grid. This is a private wireguard network. A user could specify that they want to have a user access endpoint to this network through the add_wg_access flag. A separate workload is deployed on each of the specified nodes, with the peers for each workload configured in a way making any pair of nodes in the network accessible to each other.
---

# grid_network (Resource)

Resource to deploy a network on the grid. This is a private wireguard network. A user could specify that they want to have a user access endpoint to this network through the `add_wg_access` flag. A separate workload is deployed on each of the specified nodes, with the peers for each workload configured in a way making any pair of nodes in the network accessible to each other.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ip_range` (String) Network IP range (e.g. 10.1.2.0/16). Has to have a subnet mask of 16.
- `name` (String) Network workloads Name.  This has to be unique within the node. Must contain only alphanumeric and underscore characters.
- `nodes` (List of Number) List of node ids to add to the network.

### Optional

- `add_wg_access` (Boolean) Flag to generate wireguard configuration for external user access to the network.
- `description` (String) Description of the network workloads.
- `nodes_ip_range` (Map of String) Computed values of nodes' IP ranges after deployment.
- `solution_type` (String) Solution type for created contract to be consistent across threefold tooling.

### Read-Only

- `access_wg_config` (String) Generated wireguard configuration for external user access to the network.
- `external_ip` (String) Wireguard IP assigned for external user access.
- `external_sk` (String) External user private key used in encryption while communicating through Wireguard network.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `node_deployment_id` (Map of Number) Mapping from each node to its deployment id.
- `public_node_id` (Number) Public node id (in case it's added). Used for wireguard access and supporting hidden nodes.
